
1)Presentation
Hello, everyone!
My name is Diego Lloveras. I am a PhD fellow of CONICET, working in the Solar Physics Group at the IAFE with Dr. Alberto Vásquez and collaborators at IAFE and also at the Univ. of Michigan. In my talk today I am going to comment on our line of research, recent results, and then tell you a bit of our on-going efforts. So these talk is about the first steps on multi wavelenght tomography in the low solar corona. 

2) 
The solar corona is the place where the solar wind is heated and accelerated, there are impulsive events as solar flares and CMEs, and also the abundances freeze out that's why observation and modeling of the solar corona is important to have a better understanding of the sun-earth environment.

In these direction we are trying to combine different instruments with different wavelenght data and also validate a 3D mhd model.

3) The plasma in the solar corona can be found in a width range of density and temperatures. 
The corona is optically thin in the extreme ultraviolet range and in white light. We are using both to obtain physical information of the plasma.

We obtain information of the sun through images which are 2D projections of 3D emitting structures.
Advancement of physical models are in need of 3D information of the coronal fundamental parameters like B, N, T and chemical abundances.

4) To that end we are using a solar rotational tomographic technique. 
The main idea is take a time series of images for an entire solar rotation, which provides all the line of sights for the tomographic grid and generate a 3D band emissivity in one case and a 3D polarized brightnes in the other.

Is important to note that these technique consider a static sun, so it can't resolve dynamics.

There are several components  in the coronal light, depending on the physical mechanism, in these work we are interested in one hand in emission by Ferrum ions, so we are using EUV images. We applied the SRT to obtain the 3D band emissivity. Then, using the differential emission measure technique we obtain 3D reconstruction of the square Ne average and Te reconstruction of the low corona (1.0 a 1.3solar radii). 
On the other hand is the thomson scattering of photospheric WL. Applying the SRT to a time series of images we obtain a 3D reconstruction of the electron density in a range between 1.1 and 2 solar radii.

5) So, we are using EUV data from the EUVI on STEREO and EUV data from the AIA onboard SDO. And we are using white light data, in these case from the K-cor on the Mauna Loa Solar Observatory. These is the first time we are trying to compare results using two different instrument using information from different light ranges. We decided to use AIA instead of EUVI because it has almost the same line of sight as K-cor.

6) Ok, cecilia already told us about demt technique so I'm going to pass these next slides very fast.
*decir que usamos mastrices
Using a time series of images for each band we applied the SRT technique obtaining a 3D reconstruction of the band emissivity in each band. If we integrate these reconstruction along the lines of sights we obtain synthetic Images which are very similar to the data. A detailed analysis of these can be found on vasquez et al 2016.

7) Each bandpass has associated different temperatures, we are using these 3bands of AIA between 0.5 and 2.5 MK. Using the bandpasses and the atomic data base from CHIANTI and combining with the band emissivity we obtain the termic distribution of the plasma. And taking the moments of the ldem we can calculate the average of the square density in each voxel. And taking the square root we have a proxy of the density.

8) These are carrington maps of demt results for the last solar minima, that means latitude longitude maps at two heights for temperature and the square root of the average of the square density.

The black curve denotes the boundary between open magnetic lines and closed magnetic lines, was calculated with a potential field source surface model and as you can see is perpendicular to the gradients.
We made a detailed comparison between the last two solar minima using these technique in Lloveras et al 2017. We find uncertainties of ten percent. These is a minimum that's why these maps looks so uniform, and symetric.

9) On the one hand we are using demt results to validate part of the space weather modeling framework which is a mhd model. Temperature on the left and density on the right side. Just pay attention to the inner ring which is a ratio between both models and green mens ratio equals 1. 

10) On the other side we are taking the first steps on Multi-Instrumental tomography, the main goal of MIT is to perform simultaneus tomographic reconstruction for lasco-C2, K-cor, Ucomp and AIA or EUVI.

But first we need to be able to make comparable reconstructions (I mean having the similar resolution) and these are the first effort comparing K-cor and AIA.

These are density carrington maps, we can see very similar structures but but it looks like there is a bias. We selected two white boxes, one on the subpolar region and one on the streamer region.

11) The histograms show the ratio of both results including all heights with a mean value of two on the streamer and a mean value of 1.6 on the subpolar region. And on the left side the average radial profile where you can see a gap or a bias between both results. Taking into account the errors on DEMT and the errors on MK4 (which is an older coronograph we can't explain these bias.

12) The EUV emissivity scale as the square density, if we define the filling factor as these ratio, then the emissivity goes like the product of the filling factor and the average squared. The white light emissivity scales as the average of the density, then the ratio of the densities goes like the square root of the filling factor.
If differences in the results are only because of the filling factor, a value of 2 in subpolar region and a value of 4 in quiet sun and noting that if we can write the variance of the density in these way, the filling factor must be grater than 1 and larger values of f means that the probability distribution function has larger variance.

*Considering that it can be written as..



13) Other factor as the ferrum abundances can partially explain these results.
To refine the analysis we will next trace and compare results along field of lines.
This work in progress is a first step towards future implementation of Multi-Instrument Tomography.
The goal of MIT is using tomographies in white light, extreme ultraviolet and visible spectral lines from Ucomp to simultaneously derive reconstruction of these physical parameters.
We need to determine the Kcor error and perform new comparisons for other rotations.
 



FBE escala proporcionalmente a la LDEM (Eq 21 en el paper del 2009 de la técnica), y la proporcionalidad es a través de Qkl, que por la Ec. (22) es la integral en longitud de onda de psi(lambda) = eta/Ne² dobre las longitudes seleccionadas por el pasabanda phi(lambda). eta(lambda) es la suma de todas las potencias espectrales de todas las lineas, cada una es proporcional a la densidad del ion emisor, que se factoriza como está indicado en la ec. (2-10) de tu tesis, que incluye el factor [X] =N(X)/N(H), la abundancia del elemento correspondient. Para los instrumentos EUV el pasabanda se encarga que SOLO se integre sobre lineas de HIERRO, por lo cual TODOS los términos de eta (y por ende de psi) son proporcionales a [Fe]. En consecuencia Qkl es proporcional a [Fe]. Entonces en la Ecuacion 21:

FBE = Integral dT Qkl(T) LDEM(T)

Entonces, en un dado voxel (FBE dada)la LDEM escala INVERSAMENTE con [Fe]. Como <Ne²> es propto LDEM, entonces:

<Ne²> \propto 1/[Fe].


